hello everybody and welcome to the Alex
analyst data analyst boot camp this is
the first video in the entire playlist
so if you are watching this and you have
no idea what's going on congratulations
you just unwittingly signed up for a
data analyst boot camp no I'm just
joking but I'm also being very serious
so before we progress into a lot of the
details of this data analytics bootcamp
which is completely free on my channel I
am going to tell you about how this came
to be about three weeks ago I put out
this post and I'll put it somewhere on
the screen and basically it was a bit of
satire I was mostly kind of poking fun
at boot camps just because they put
stuff together and they call it a boot
camp they charge you a ton of money so I
was like I should start one for free the
response was just enormous I had like 12
000 people who liked it and commented on
it and shared it on all different places
and people were like no Alex you really
need to do this so really quickly I'm
just going to read what I put on
LinkedIn and then we're gonna dive into
the actual data analyst bootcamp so what
I wrote was I should set up a playlist
called data analyst bootcamp on my
YouTube channel they'll walk you through
all the basics of SQL Excel Tableau
power bi Python and more all accompanied
by projects and a way to create a
portfolio website for free once you're
done with the data analyst bootcamp you
can go on my GitHub and download the
certification for free then you can put
data analyst bootcamp on your resume in
your experience section now if you don't
know me I really like satire and so
again that was a bit satirical I was
just kind of poking fun but everyone was
like no Alex you need to actually do
this this is a fantastic idea so here we
are I created a completely free data
analyst bootcamp on my YouTube channel
I'm going to show you what it looks like
I'm gonna walk you through it and how
you can get that certification at the
end all right so let's take a look at
the data analyst bootcamp I was not
being serious about calling it The Alex
the analyst data analyst bootcamp that
is a just that's insane so right here we
have our data analyst bootcamp it is
private right now but when I release
this video I'll make it public so
everybody can see it but let's take a
look at what's actually in it so at the
very beginning we have this video how to
become a data analyst in 2023 this will
actually be the second video if you're
watching this video right now this will
be above it but the very first like real
video is just this how to become a data
analyst and I walk through exactly the
steps I would take now in this boot camp
is basically going to mimic this it's
going to be teaching all the things that
I tell you in that video so we start off
with things like SQL now this is right
now all of this SQL Basics all the way
through SQL intermediate and the more
advanced like right here that is all in
Microsoft SQL Server I'm going to be
making an entire playlist for MySQL
because that has been highly recommended
so that everybody can do MySQL so my
sequels on the way and I'll eventually
replace this but as for right now it's
all in Microsoft SQL Server then if we
scroll down we have projects to
accompany this so we have the data
analyst portfolio project which is SQL
data exploration then we have a data
cleaning project so two projects data
exploration and data cleaning wasn't I
highly recommend taking then next we
dive into Excel so this is all for data
analysts right so this is our entire
Excel series all the way down to our
full project in Excel then we go on to
Tableau so how to install Tableau all
the way down to a full project then
power bi how to install it all the
things you need to know all the way down
to a full project and then we dive into
python so we have our whole python
series all the way down to and you
guessed it a full project now I am at
the very beginning of this python Series
this is just the python Basics with the
first project but I have two other
projects then I have an entire pandas
playlist and then I'm going to be making
a playlist on regular expression uh web
scraping and a ton of other things
that'll also add to this bootcamp so
it's going to get longer the more stuff
I put out after that I have some other
projects not just ones like that but I
have web scraping project using python
API polls using python for like web
scraping from different sites then near
the very end we have some other
important ones one's like how to create
a portfolio website for free which is
taking all those projects that we've
done throughout this entire boot camp
and putting it into a free website and
then we have creating a data analyst
resume I need to update this because
this is about two years old and I'm
going to create a new one for this so in
the future I will replace this but as of
right now that's the one that we have
and none of the very job it's tips on
how to land a job using LinkedIn these
are real tips and real methods that I
would be using to help you find a job
once you're ready to start applying and
you have all of this created there's one
last video at the very end that you
cannot see which is going to be how to
get the certification so I'm not just
gonna go put it out there for anyone to
just grab and put on their resume you
have to actually put in the work right
you have to actually take these lessons
and learn the information before you get
the certification that's how it works
now I'm not going to show you where this
is because it's very secret but I am
going to show you what it looks like now
this says congratulations you've
completed this data analyst bootcamp you
did amazing and you deserve a
certification or something to go along
with it just so you know we use the
honor System here okay if you took it
I'm just gonna trust that you took it
I'm not verifying any of this and I have
a small disclaimer at the bottom
basically saying uh this is all a
self-paced data analyst bootcamp
completely for free so this isn't me
endorsing you in any way just some legal
disclaimer I don't even know if that's
necessary but let's take a look right
here this one's more of the generic one
verified data analytics bootcamp
certificate
um but the other one is the one that I
think is personally very good um and we
may not even be able to see it that well
but it is a certificate of completion
this certificate is awarded to and
you'll fill in your name right here
you'll download this and you'll like
fill in your name and however you want
to do that I do it in like word
um for a successful completion of data
analytics bootcamp and here I have uh I
signed it myself because I believe in
you I I believe that you wouldn't
tarnish my good name so this is going to
be how you do that how you look at it
how you actually download that
certification but you will only be able
to see that in the very last video so
that is the Alex analyst data analyst
bootcamp I'm actually really excited
about this and one of the best parts for
me is I didn't have to do that much
additional work it was already all there
all those courses all those tutorials
all those projects are all already on my
channel I've just kind of organized them
so that you don't have to go and try to
figure it out yourself so I genuinely
hope that this helps somebody out there
land a job and learn these skills
completely for free because data
analytics should not be expensive
especially the beginner stuff it should
just be all available in my opinion I
don't think we should be charging for
basic stuff like this so good luck happy
learning and when you are done and you
download that certification just tag me
on LinkedIn or Instagram or Twitter or
wherever and I'll be sure to like it so
with that being said good luck

foreign
